feat(ui): add firebase_ui_auth and oauth providers (#9343)
firebase/flutterfire: packages/firebase_ui_auth/doc/README.md

# Firebase UI for authentication

Firebase UI for authentication provides a simple and easy way to implement authentication in your Flutter app.
The library provides fully featured UI screens to drop into new or existing applications, along with
lower level abstractions for developers looking for tighter control.

## Installation

Activate FlutterFire CLI

```sh

> flutter pub global activate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dart pub global activate flutterfire_cli
```

```

Install dependencies

```sh
flutter pub add firebase_core
flutter pub add firebase_auth
# required for email link sign in and email verification
flutter pub add firebase_dynamic_links
flutter pub add firebase_ui_auth
```

## Configuration

Configure firebase using cli:

```sh
flutterfire configure
```

Initialize firebase app:

```dart
void main() {
  WidgetsFlutterBinding.ensureInitialized();

  await Firebase.initializeApp(options: DefaultFirebaseOptions.currentPlatform);
}
```

## macOS entitlements

If you're building for macOS, make sure to add necessary entitlements. Learn more [from the official Flutter documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/development/platform-integration/macos/building).

## Next steps

To understand what Firebase UI for authentication offers, the following documentation pages walk you through the various topics on
how to use the package within your Flutter app.

- Available auth providers:

>   - [EmaiAuthProvider](./providers/email.md) - allows to register and sign in using email and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [EmaiAuthProvider](./providers/email.md) - allows registering and signing in using email and password.
```

>   - [EmailLinkAuthProvider](./providers/email-link.md) - allows to register and sign in using a link sent to email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [EmailLinkAuthProvider](./providers/email-link.md) - allows registering and signing in using a link sent to email.
```

>   - [PhoneAuthProvider](./providers/phone.md) - allows to register and sign in using a phone number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [PhoneAuthProvider](./providers/phone.md) - allows registering and signing in using a phone number
```
